Hi Caroline,

This is the job I wrote this for: https://www.civilservicejobs.service.gov.uk/csr/index.cgi?SID=am9ibGlzdF92aWV3X3ZhYz0xODMyNjgxJnBhZ2VjbGFzcz1Kb2JzJnBhZ2VhY3Rpb249dmlld3ZhY2J5am9ibGlzdCZvd25lcj01MDcwMDAwJm93bmVydHlwZT1mYWlyJnNlYXJjaHBhZ2U9MSZzZWFyY2hzb3J0PXNjb3JlJnVzZXJzZWFyY2hjb250ZXh0PTI0MTMzNDk3JnJlcXNpZz0xNjc1Mjg2MjMyLTgzMzdhZWE5MzYxNzYwM2UwZTJjYmYwODEzODk4MzRhYzZhM2Q1Yjg=

I have a feeling it's all terrible. I could write you a great CV and cover letter for any one of my staff but found this really uncomfortable. That's something I need to work on.


Dear Hiring Manager,

I would like to apply for the advertised position of Junior Software Developer based out of the North West England location. I think the position provides a really exciting oportunity to do work which can have a really positive impact on people lives and someone who is very people focused this really appeals to me.

Justice Digitaln really stands out to me due to their commitment to people and focus on ethical practice. I was particularly impressed by the company ranking highly in the social mobility index, commitment to work place inclusivity, and focus on staff training and wellbeing. Having been a manager for a long time I know how important employee wellbeing and development is. Having worked in a retail environment for the past 10 years I really appreciate the focus on customers and the impact that appraoch can have on the service offered. Throughout my career I have always been heavily involved in both learning and training and am pleased with the focus you place it. 

This year I have taken part in a coding bootcamp which has provided me with a strong foundation to build on for software development. I have worked with JavaScript and Python and have some experience building web-apps in both VueJs, as part of the course, and Flask, as a personal project.

Thank you for your consideration. As someone looking to move into the tech sector I appreciate your time and would appreciate any feedback regarding my application

Kind Regards
Mark